README.md, before:

# [php_srrJSEncrypt](https://github.com/caos30/php_srrJSEncrypt)

Simple way (unique PHP file) to store your encrypted data in a single text file, not using database at all and encrypting from the client side using javascript AES algorithms.

## Screenshots

![first access window](/screenshot3.png?raw=true "First access window")

![client side encrypted data](/screenshot.png?raw=true "Client side encrypted data")

![decrypted data](/screenshot2.png?raw=true "Decrypted data")


## Start the project

Copy this project in any PHP 5+ server and call it from browser. Default encryption key "1234". Each time you decrypt, you can change key and re-encrypt and save.
You must remember that the encryption key is not saved ANYWHERE, so you must take care by yourself for not forget it!

## Use, improve and share

You're welcome to use it. I use it since long time ago for save all my important private data, hosting a copy of this project on one of my servers.
Please, if you make any improvement, request a pull ;)

## Data files

On the directory `/data` you can put as many data files you need. Then the `index.php` show at home a list of the files included in that directory. The name of those files cannot contain dots or inclined slashes (. / \ ) due to security reasons. It will be recommendable only to use letters, numeric digits and horizontal slashes.

## Credit

Created by [caos30](https://github.com/caos30)

Commit message:

Version 2019.03.09: added 2FA 6-digit TOTp generator.

README.md, after:

# php_srrJSEncrypt

Simple way (unique PHP file) to store your encrypted data in a single text file, not using database at all and encrypting from the client side using javascript AES algorithms. It also generate 6-digit TOTp codes (see below).

Current version: 2019.03.09

## Screenshots

![first access window](/screenshot3.png?raw=true "First access window")

![client side encrypted data](/screenshot.png?raw=true "Client side encrypted data")

![decrypted data](/screenshot2.png?raw=true "Decrypted data")


## Start the project

Copy this project in any PHP 5+ server and call it from browser. Default encryption key "1234". Each time you decrypt, you can change key and re-encrypt and save.
You must remember that the encryption key is not saved ANYWHERE, so you must take care by yourself for not forget it!

## Data files

On the directory `/data` you can put as many data files you need. Then the `index.php` show at home a list of the files included in that directory. The name of those files cannot contain dots or inclined slashes (. / \ ) due to security reasons. It will be recommendable only to use letters, numeric digits and horizontal slashes.

## 2FA TOTp codes generator

if you use a data file to store a JavaScript Object (like the backup export file of the browser extension  [Authenticator](https://github.com/Authenticator-Extension/Authenticator) ) then when you decrypt it appears a list of 6-digit TOTp codes generated by the list of accounts contained in the data.

![2FA TOTp generator](/screenshot4.png?raw=true "TOTp 6-digit codes")

This picture below show an example of the kind of data. The app is ready to understand the exported backup of that Firefox addon, but you can write mannually the list of accounts whenever you include for each one: a label "account" and a "secret" key, at least. The other properties are optional and useless for this app.

![2FA needed data](/screenshot5.png?raw=true "2FA needed data")

The app doesn't automatically regenerate the codes neither show a countdown indicator. You must click over `regenerate` button to update 6-digit codes.

## Use, improve and share

You're welcome to use it. I use it since long time ago for save all my important private data, hosting a copy of this project on one of my servers.
Please, if you make any improvement, request a pull ;)

## Credit

Created by [caos30](https://github.com/caos30)
